Story Prompts from https://www.seventhsanctum.com/generate.php?Genname=storygen

This is a story about how even the most creative person gets blocked. The story is about a persuasive druid, a gas station attendant, and an unfriendly nun who is constantly opposing a circuit priestess. It takes place in a large city in the Arctic. The crux of the story involves a prayer. The fallout from the cold war plays a major role in this story.

The story is about an alliance of medical technicians. It starts in a solar system of magical space travel. A sudden technological breakthrough plays a major role in this story.

This is a psychology piece with a focus on the importance of brains over brawn. The story is about a disorganized circuit priestess, a biased hacker, and a circuit priest. It starts on a world of forbidden magic. The story climaxes with a spiritual experience. An important bloodline plays a prime part.

This is a psychological revelation piece with a focus on transformation. The story is about a poised stockbroker. It takes place in an interplanetary imperium. The role of artificial intelligence in society plays a major role in the story.

The story is about a jock who is stalked by a student. It starts in a mosque. The crux of the story involves a resignation.

This is a tale about ascension and the differences between the classes. The story is about two persistent herbologists. It starts in a cruise ship. The story ends with a birth.

This is an epic adventure with a strong theme of the past versus the future. The story is about a librarian. It takes place in an interplanetary technocracy. The story begins with a delusion and ends with a natural disaster. The rise of global media plays a major part in this story.

The story is about a herbologist. It takes place in a village in the Arctic. An ancient prophecy plays an important role.

The story is about a prostitute. It starts in a tourist town on a magical world where everyone lives underground. World hunger plays a major role in this story.

The story is about a policeman, a diabolical adventurer, and an outgoing botanist. It takes place in a college of magic in a village. The story climaxes with someone getting drunk.
